feat(genapi): improve faq about model roadmap (#6536)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/faq.mdx

Generative APIs - Dedicated Deployment supports both open-source models and your own uploaded proprietary models.

### Which new models will be added to Generative APIs?

> We cannot communicate publicly on planned new models before they are released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We cannot disclose information on planned new models before they are released.
```

However, you can follow our [Changelog](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/changelog/?products=generative-apis) and subscribe to its RSS feed to be notified as soon as new models are available.

> If you require a specific model, please upvote existing [Feature Request](https://feature-request.scaleway.com/) or create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you require a specific model, upvote an existing [Feature Request](https://feature-request.scaleway.com/) or create a new one.
```

> We follow closely your feedbacks and latest models release. For Serverless usage, our goal is to provide a curated but balanced model catalog across different modalities (Text, Code, Vision, Audio...), model sizes and providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We follow closely your feedback and the latest model releases. For Serverless usage, our goal is to provide a curated but balanced model catalog across different modalities (Text, Code, Vision, Audio, etc.), model sizes, and providers.
```
